Mandatory Auto Registration Token (#1280)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/03-edge/09-site-deployment/05-site-installation/06-edge-host-registration.md

Reviewer: @rahulhazra97, for this file, you could had simplified the token changes by updating the intro and for each method specifying in the Prerequisites the need for a tenant token. 

Using the following image to follow along. In number 1, insert a sentence how the tenant token is required.  For 2, add a warning box stating a tenant token is required otherwise, the edge registration process will be unable to complete. The warning box helps those scanning/skimming the page catch the behavior.

![CleanShot 2023-05-18 at 07 40 26](https://github.com/spectrocloud/librarium/assets/29551334/303ee86e-6078-4e5a-9a13-75d08d50976f)

Author: Got it, Karl. I will edit it accordingly.

# Registration Method

> To register with the Palette Edge host, you are required to use a registration token for all three registration options. Edge hosts are registered under the default project chosen for the registration token. You can override the default project by specifying the project in your user data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register the Edge host, you are required to use a registration token with all three registration options. Edge hosts are registered under the default project chosen for the registration token. You can override the default project by specifying the project in the Edge Installer [user data](/clusters/edge/edge-configuration/installer-reference) configuration file.
```

## Auto Registration

Use the mandatory auto-registration tokens to automate the registration process by providing the registration token in the user data. The device registers and appears on the **Edge** hosts page when the `autoRegister` attribute is true.
**Note**: Providing the auto-registration token for all **Edge** host registration methods is mandatory.  
The **Edge** host will be registered under the default project selected for the registration token. You can override the default project by providing a project ID in the user data. 

> **Note**: It is mandatory to assign a project when creating a registration token to complete the auto-registration process.

Reviewer: We don't use **NOTE**, remove those. Additional information can go in an info box. Overall, this paragraph needs cleanup to help the user understand the behavior of the new variable. The token is mandatory when using this method. So be careful how you use the mandatory term otherwise it will cause confusion.

Author: One question Karl, You mentioned the token is mandatory when using this method. I have one question here
in this ticket : [PE-1602](https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PE-1602)

Suppose the registration token is required. What happens with the other two registration methods (manual, and QR code)?

Users can add the device in UI, but the edge host agent will not connect to Saas until the registration token is provided in userdata.

Does this mean the token is mandatory for all edge host registration methods? 
If you could please clarify this for me.

## Auto Registration

> You can automate the registration process by using registration tokens. This method requires providing the registration token in the user data. It is mandatory to assign a project when creating a registration token to complete the auto-registration process. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can automate the registration process by using registration tokens. This method requires providing the registration token in the user data. To complete the auto-registration process, it is mandatory to assign a project when creating a registration token. 
```

Reviewer 2: Switching the sentence around makes it clearer why this is mandatory.

> You can automate the registration process by using registration tokens. This method requires providing the registration token in the user data. To complete the auto-registration process, it is mandatory to assign a project when creating a registration token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can automate the registration process by using registration tokens.  
```
We can remove it here because it's mandatory and stated in the intro. The last sentence is the Slack thread I mentioned you a few days ago where they changed the behavior.

> If a default project was selected for the registration token, that is the project the Edge host will be registered under. You can override the default project by providing a `project ID` in the user data. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you selected a default project for the registration token, that is the project the Edge host will be registered under. You can override the default project by providing a `project ID` in the user data. 
```

> If you selected a default project for the registration token, that is the project the Edge host will be registered under. You can override the default project by providing a `project ID` in the user data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you selected a default project for the registration token, that is the project the Edge host will be registered under. You can override the default project by providing a project name in the user data. 
```

## Manual Registration

> In this mode, you must manually register the Edge host in Palette by providing the Edge host's unique identifier. The registration token is mandatory for device registration. Optionally, you can specify a `project ID` to associate the Edge host with a particular project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, you must manually register the Edge host in Palette by providing the Edge host's unique identifier. Optionally, you can specify a project name to associate the Edge host with a particular project. 
```

Site operators can select a site and submit a registration request. The web application automatically creates the Edge host entry in Palette and defines a cluster with that Edge host. This workflow also supports adding Edge hosts to an existing host cluster.

<br />

> <InfoBox>
> 
> To ensure a smooth registration process, we recommend that you specify your `project ID` when creating the registration token. If your `project ID` is not specified in your token or user data, you can complete registration using the QR code flow. 
> 
> </InfoBox>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We can do without this.
